the shock and anger against the latest
wave of Israeli attacks in Gaza this
time on the Streets of London medics in
solidarity with Palestinians blockaded
the headquarters of palente the software
company supplying technology to Israel's
military calling for an immediate end to
its activities
there the killing of humanitarian Aid
workers receiv received International
condemnation Israel's allies including
the UK demanded answers the situation is
increasingly intolerable and what we
urgently need to see is a thorough
transparent investigation into what has
happened uh but also a dramatic increase
in the amount of Aid getting into Gaza
the aid workers killed James Henderson
who'd served for six years in the Royal
Marines John Chapman a former member of
the British Special Forces and and army
veteran Paul Kirby who was 47 years old
all were providing security support
Kirby's cousins described him as
completely selfless he just wanted to
help people he knew um that if he didn't
go then someone else would go and that
would probably play on his mind so James
was one of those people it would just
sit back after more than 5 months of
conflict public opinion on the soaring
casualties is piling pressure on
politicians to act opinion polls have
consistently shown that more people are
in favor of a ceasefire than not and the
killing of Aid workers in an Israeli air
strike is now prompting outrage even in
traditionally rightwing papers of the
British
press some are seeing this moment as a
Tipping Point in the UK's previously
Rock Solid support for Israel the UK
government has called for Israel to
follow intern law it continues to
maintain what prime minister sunak calls
a very careful arms licensing
Arrangement human rights groups say that
has to end we've been calling on the UK
government for months to be suspending
all of those licenses as part of our
international calls for a a fullscale
arms embargo on all sides to the to the
current
conflict as the bodies of the victims
are
repatriated the shadow of this strike
weighs heavily on organizations working
to help a region devastated by this
conflict Sonia Gago Al jazer
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer